hey you guys what's up and welcome back
to my channel before we hop into today's
video I have a really exciting
announcement I'm so so so excited to
bring this to you guys last year I was
getting DMS from people saying they
loved my free workouts on Instagram some
of them are on YouTube but if you've
seen my Instagram there's so many free
workouts there and I saw people like
creating their own calendars of all of
the free workouts like Monday I'll do
this one and Tuesday I'll do this one
and they get like thousands of stays so
I know people are using them engaging
with them and so I just asked you guys
like oh I just asked I was like you guys
what if I created a monthly calendar
that organized pool of small etics free
workouts would you guys want that like
would you use it when it helped you and
the response was crazy I got so many
messages and everyone was like
unanimously like yes please let's
definitely do that
every other day of 2019 I created a new
workout for you guys to do and now today
I'm really excited to announce that I am
officially opening up membership to
small etics monthly calendar challenges
what this is is all your favorite small
etics workouts from YouTube and
Instagram organized into a monthly
program with daily workouts warm-ups sub
workouts cooldowns and rest day
activities and every single month has a
theme because it's a challenge so every
month there's gonna be a theme the theme
for the month of April is going to be an
at-home 30-day challenge I am so excited
about this because I asked you guys if
you wanted it and everyone was so pumped
for it it's just gonna be such a great
time I'm just envisioning us all as a
community doing this challenge together
doing the at home workouts and sharing
it on social and just getting stronger
and staying accountable and holding each
other's hand during this kind of crazy
weird time we're right at home and don't
have access to eat so all the workouts
in the month of April you can do from
your house either with at home weights
or no weights at all or you can you know
put soup cans and bags and use that but
it's super at-home friendly I thought
that now was the best time to release
this for you guys because it's super
affordable all
poteete our program is a really really
focused high-level coaching program
whereas this is something that if you've
already been doing the small next
workouts you'll love this and be able to
use it and just take your workouts to
the next level and stay accountable oh
it's literally less than a dollar a day
I really really want to welcome you guys
to join us founding members because as a
founding member you will literally be
grandfathered in at this price forever
as a monthly subscription you can cancel
anytime but if you enroll in this period
you get to be a founding member of these
small etics monthly calendar challenges
and get that special lower price forever
whereas it's gonna keep going up and
this is the best time to get in now at
like the ground level so if you guys are
excited about this go to smell em stomp
flash challenge or you can check the
description link below it's gonna be so
fun and yeah that's the announcement for
today and now we will start the video
hey guys what's up and welcome back to
my channel with Gary here oh hi
we're gonna have to figure out how to do
this with our height difference
you're nuts Orwell's like 10 paces
behind me so Gary and I are on a walk
right now amidst the Cova 19 sort of
self-quarantine face in Brooklyn we're
just trying to get some nice fresh air
so I thought that I would sort of
interview Gary on mindset because a lot
of you guys might not know Gary is a
former professional tennis player on the
world circuit ATP he is a
high-performance tennis coach he also
spent two years at West Point and he
meditates every single day so he's
really an expert in mindset and he knows
so much about high-performance mindset
creating lasting lifestyle changes for
her health
and just becoming better and doing
better and increasing your performance
every day so I thought we could chat
with him about some of his philosophies
and thoughts on performance for like
daily life that sound good sounds great
now I need to come up with some
questions how do you how do you commit
to meditating every day and do you have
days where you just like don't want to
do it yes to that last part one of the
big things for me is really believing
that 1% better every day goes a long way
I really like to lead by example so I
expect my players
all right demand of my players that they
meditate everyday work on their mental
game both Kari and I like we obviously
were athletes for our whole lives but
now that we're not competing we have
entered wired like a maintenance phase
where we don't have to perform that high
level so we're trying to find ways to
bring high performance into our daily
life so I think that's you can apply
that to everyday life like having that
kind of growth mindset where you're
trying to get better in whatever it is
that you're doing I work with young kids
but a lot of the things that I try to
teach them I hope that they'll take into
their lives later on in life right okay
they're not most of the kids that I work
with 99.9 percent of the kids that I
work with are not going to be
professional athletes right but the
tools that I help them you know use be
meditation awareness all this stuff that
translates into life like why we use it
every day yeah right because the way
that it applies like awareness applies
to relationships day-to-day
conversations how you manage anxiety how
you
tasks you time how you manage yourself
relative to time right for me a big part
of why I meditate everyday is because I
like to think that I'm working on my my
mental state right like my presence of
mind in day to day life be it in the
relationship with you or behind the
relationship with my family my mom and
my sister maybe are you hiding your
hands in my body I think it's really
important and that's just like being a
better person just how can you be the
best person you can possibly be and I
talked a lot with you guys about how you
can't pour you can't pour from an empty
cup so in order to take care of your
loved ones in order to be there for
other people you have to be there for
yourself can't give to others if you're
not giving to yourself and so I think
working on your health and your mindset
and your mental health physical health
makes you a better person it makes you
able to show up in the world in a way so
that you can like make the world a
better place and I think it's something
that Kerri does really well with his
kids a lot of the parents when they're
writing you know reviews about him say
like he made my kid a better person like
overall cuz it's not just about tennis
it's like health is life it's so like
for meditation for me because as a coach
I spend a lot of my day giving to other
people it's like a good way for me to
set time aside from my mind and my
thoughts because I think that's there's
something really powerful to that just
sitting yeah especially
a city environment like we live in we
live in New York City and there's
thousands of people out yeah it's very
difficult to pause it it almost feels
unnatural to pause and I think that
that's super super incredible are you
finding a pocket against our super
incredible to pause and just kind of let
let your mind be aware of the thoughts
instead of you kind of like running from
moment to moment from activity to
activity so what are your like top tips
for managing anxiety
besides cavitating do you have routines
right we're we're creatures of habit for
me meditating in the morning oh sorry
it's just you keep waiting and down
there yourself and then I'm just walking
aimlessly right now having routines
because we are creatures of habit
nothing good happens yeah so waking up
and drinking for me I drink three
glasses of water and so whether it's the
weekend
or it's like a Monday or Wednesday
doesn't matter it's always yeah the same
feeling and the same kind of self-care
to start the day and you hear a lot
about like morning routines being really
important and really setting the
for the day and I mean there's so many
like there's so many podcasts and things
about analyzing the morning routine so
no successful people are CEOs top
athletes and they pretty much what they
all have in common is that to me it
seems like they just all really do
commit so they do have like a little bit
of discipline in their morning routines
I think something it's different for
women and the feminine energy because
it's a very like masculine energy thing
to have a really rigid same everyday
schedule but something that I think taps
into feminine energy is also just like
evaluating how you feel in the morning
and having a little bit more flow and
your morning like if you're you know if
you're feeling like doing certain
activities in the morning over others on
certain days I think it's okay that's
how that flexibility yeah but also just
knowing when to have discipline about
things like meditating anymore which is
something I need to get better at yeah
Gary I think if there's there's this guy
that I'm a huge fan of Jaco willing and
his whole shtick is disciplined equals
freedom whoa he's like that whatever
he's like he's like a typical military
badass okay but he's like one of the
most world-renowned well-known guys cuz
he's also public speaker there's a lot
of stuff he's written most of all
multiple best-selling books okay and so
last books is one of his books is
discipline equals freedom mm-hmm and
he's almost almost to the point of like
I think maybe a little bit crazy like he
wakes up at 4:30 every morning that's
not well we should yeah yes that's an
extreme but I think what it shows and
what he talks about is like when you
have discipline and when you do allocate
time for yourself for the things that
you need like you allocate time for
family you allocate time for
you know your nutrition you allocate
time allocate time for your fitness you
allocate time for work all of these
things when you're disciplined about it
you actually then have more time you
don't just burn random hours of the day
and then go I don't have time to do
anything yeah right so I think there's a
lot to be said about that what's a good
question to end on that we could love
answer when are we getting a cat a
little bit of a life update but Gary and
I are moving into a one-bedroom we're in
a studio now in 15 days and we're
getting a cat so get ready for cat
content a lot of it apparently no I'm
not gonna do that to you guys
maybe a little how do you manage to stay
discipline with your fitness and
nutrition right like we were supposed to
go to Thailand this week yeah both of us
hit a little slump last or two weeks ago
and we realized that we're not going to
go because of pandemic and hadn't been
declared a Penta yet we saw a lot of
countries being put on lockdown and all
the stuff travel restrictions and so we
both notice that we hit a slump because
we were both motivated to be in it for
us it was like we that was a goal it's a
goal it's good that's really actually
that's a really key thing that's the big
thing and so it took us it took us a
little bit it took us about a week both
I think to bounce back yeah
and set a different goal and get back on
track because I think I ate like two
boxes of cookies doing that something I
that I think we both do without
realizing it because it's what we've
done our whole lives it we're really
good at setting goals always having
goals and you can't really be motivated
if you don't have something you're
working for it's really really hard it's
just not practical and I think we end up
both you and I end up having you know we
have a lot of goals that we like
internalize and it becomes important to
us because we're competing with
ourselves not other people we're not
trying to look or be the other people or
just trying to be our best version
another thing you're not comparing
yourself to somebody else in the
beginning you are right somebody else's
sure like I want to feel good I just
wanna feel like that I feel good and
yeah I see myself and how I and whatever
it is whatever goal you have you
everybody has their own little journey
but it's like setting the goals gives
you that little spark because there's
this really really cool motivation is
like taking a shower like it's it has to
be done every day I think you have to be
more every day you have to shower every
day it helps
[Music]
it's really interesting like you have to
you do it's like a lifestyle in a
practice more than something you just
get on accident and it's like suddenly
like oh it's the spur of the you know I
just caught this I caught the case of
motivation I'm gonna go to the gym now
it's more like you cultivate it in your
life you practice it by setting goals
and these could be like some of the
goals that we had we had you know
feeling our best and our swimwear on and
when we go to Thailand obviously not
everyone can go to Thailand and we're
really privileged to have the ability to
do that but now that time is off the
table
we're I don't know Gary what did you how
did you pivot to that what are your new
goals now so because of the virus my
work has dropped down significantly in
person yeah when I decided to do is I
just want to get as shredded as possible
and I have an image of what that looks
like saying that's not that's what my
goal is good to do visualization yes a
little visualization for myself I did a
little so you just decided like I want
to be shredder I just decided and I'm
gonna die this is gonna die okay that's
it my camera's gonna die but thank you
guys for tuning in subscribing like this
for Gary no for for more content
tailored to petite women and I'll see
you guys next look at that beautiful
face
[Music]